Empress, are you alright?
Yes, yes.
Hahaha, it seems...
He is truly mad.
Haha.
Hmm.
The Duke of End is dead.
The palace concubine is mad.
Then why did the plague
still break out under the Duke of End’s direction?
It seems the real rebel is someone else.
Your Majesty, Your Majesty.
Your Majesty.
What are you doing here?
Your Majesty, I have something important to discuss.
Your Majesty, even though the Duke of End is dead,
you must not be careless.
The Duke of End may have been just a pawn.
The real culprit may be someone else.
No reaction at all.
Could he have known about it already?
How do you know about this?
I dreamed about it.
Could it be that he is anxious?
Maybe he doesn’t care anymore.